NIKE x RUNNING HO2024 RFP

Live Date: 9/5/2024
RFP DUE TO PMG: Monday 8/12 by 4CT – SUBMITTED PROPERLY THROUGH EMAIL + IN PMG’s TEMPLATES

Campaign Background
● Known for his dynamic playing style and Gen-Z fanbase, Ja Morant was signed as a Nike signature
athlete nearly two years ago. This collaboration was marked by the launch of his first shoe last
Spring, the Ja 1, which was met with significant publicity and commercial success. This year, Ja is
launching the next iteration of his signature shoe, the Ja 2, coming in various styles and color
ways. To highlight the launch, Nike will be amplifying content from key events throughout the
season.

Product Priorities
● This campaign is about driving excitement and awareness of the Ja 2s following his return to the
game.

Key Messaging
● The Ja 2 will help you play like Ja, and with his anticipated return to the court, this campaign aims
to elevate his authentic nature & joyfully audacious approach to the game, cementing him as
Nike's catalyst for transcending the game, bringing youthful energy & love back to Nike
Basketball.
Our Objective:
● The main goal of this campaign is to spark conversation regarding his return, remind the world
how captivating he is on the court while showcasing who he really is off the court, and make
consumers believe that the Ja 2 will help them play like Ja. With an asset distribution focus, we want
to drive buzz around the shoe & the story it conveys.

NIKE x RUNNING HO2024 RFP

Live Date: 9/5/2024
RFP DUE TO PMG: Monday 8/12 by 4CT – SUBMITTED PROPERLY THROUGH EMAIL + IN PMG’s TEMPLATES

Campaign Parameters
● Objectives
○ Distribute assets surrounding the launch of the Ja 2 to drive buzz and energy.
● KPIs
○ Primary: Reach/ Impression, Brand Lift Studies, + Video
Views/Completes/VCR (where applicable),
○ Secondary: Engagement/Interaction Rate, Product Consideration + CTR (where
applicable)
● Target Audience
○ Gen Z Basketball Fans
● Geo
○ Include:
■ United States
○ Exclude:
■ Portland, Oregon
■ Beaverton, Oregon

● Flight
○ Seeding Events include:
■ 9.30-10.1: NBA Media Day
■ 10.1: Ja 2 Campaign Launch
■ 10.5: Ja x Tech Fleece

● Budget
○ Please provide tiered plans (these tiers can be flexible, just want to get
an idea of what kinds of opportunities we have at various investment
levels)
■ $150k
■ $300k
■ $500k

Creative
● Still to be determined, expecting video assets anywhere from :15s to :60s in duration

NIKE x RUNNING HO2024 RFP

Live Date: 9/5/2024
RFP DUE TO PMG: Monday 8/12 by 4CT – SUBMITTED PROPERLY THROUGH EMAIL + IN PMG’s TEMPLATES

Measurement and Added Value
● Creative assets will be tagged and 3P served through DCM (where applicable). Campaign set up
should allow us to garner insights across key age breaks, gender, geo, platform and placement
Considerations
● Include:
○ First-to-Market opportunities
■ Please think about "cool" opportunities and cultural moments that we can
leverage.
○ Brand Lift Study
○ Takeover’s
■ Please include recommended dates with strong reach in the Media Plan
○ Open to both managed service and programmatic activations (please highlight for each
recommendation how it can be run)
